uh not to call you out but I mean see
you mentioned you've had this long
string of boyfriends none of whom were
vegan before you got together anyway
right but like you know so you were in
the vegan club with everybody in the
vegan club just too ugly or what I
thought you're assuming that there's
boys in the vegan club we would all
female what it was like yeah yeah
there's no you can measure it may
actually exist as site of the Internet
I'd really well you know what the other
so I've talked some other famous
youtubers so you know whatever well like
seeing gains the same as these legit
famous but you know also guys like Ali
tabrizi the vegan activist and a lot of
them say to me that they're the majority
of their audience is female and like oh
maybe all maybe all vegans are our feet
like you know maybe ninety percent of
vegans are female because we get
statistics on YouTube and I've always
been able to say back no I my channel is
majority male viewers there were many
ships up there but the mail vegans do
not want to be bullshitting so I think
like every other vegan their channel is
like seventy percent female viewership
ninety percent female viewership would
have you but you know the kind of
content they have and I do think the the
abrasive and very very honest style i
have i'm i'm the one youtuber who's
really getting the heterosexual man
funny she said it because I kind of
looked at my demographic in a long time
but I was anticipating having like
ninety percent female but he was I have
an audience with forty five percent mail
yeah your stuff is pretty it does
influence how I want to proceed with my
channel when I first started straight up
like I thought ninety percent female and
it's actually one of the reasons why I
haven't necessarily uploaded like more
like girly content I guess like when I
do plus videos i'm not talking about
just girly things because I recognize
that half my audiences mail
so you know I want my life you want to
create things that i enjoy but I mean
obviously I'm posting mr. other people
to watch so to say that it's purely for
myself that would be a lie I'm
interested in creating cons and that
people want watch manos very surprised
my clothes my surprise you know men are
cool too but well though it probably
because your content takes itself
seriously and also not to boast about a
lot of your viewers did come from my
channel the interview i did with you i
think each of those videos got up to you
about three thousand viewers very slowly
but you know so i did i did direct some
some traffic over your way you know i
just say this though you know because I
mean obviously I talk a lot about the
philosophy of being on youtube on my
channel but you know for me now like in
some ways this is the end of the time in
my life where I'm really trying hard
with youtube if I had never tried harder
than I wouldn't know what that's like
but I've known a long period of
uploading multiple videos per week and
spending a lot of time you know live
streaming and reaching out to fans and
communicating with people and stuff and
I feel that's now ending and it's now
ending partly because I have a
girlfriend and I have a job and I have
got in general I have good news about my
court case I don't know when but at some
point I'm going to be spending more
quality time with my daughter and I
don't have a schedule we asthma stuff
but it's no surprise that I'm winning in
the court in France there was no way I
could lose that case it was ridiculous I
left the judge turned out to be during
riders number one fan there was no way I
could loop but anyway yeah so I'm
regaining you know joint custody of my
daughter and gonna be spending pup
quotient so that's that's one factor
it's just that there's more positive
stuff in my life that's not youtube
right and I'm glad I'm glad I had this
period of time or was really pouring it
on and making the most out of YouTube
but that's probably going to stop for
six months or a year or forever who
knows spending on what I do with my life
where YouTube is going to be a much
lower priority and much less much less
uploading and so on but you know the
other side of it is I always talk about
this like what is success and what is
failure you got to define that and to be
honest with yourself so you know my
a patreon revenue has declined and
declined since I started up and I've
never been pushing people to donate more
like I never wanted like an individual
person to give fifty dollars I don't
think that's appropriate like I don't
think my content is worth fifty dollars
I just wanted many people giving one
dollar you know so it was like a stable
low commitment and one dollar per month
is is really really low that's always
I've been saying is don't donate more
just donate one dollar and not doing any
incentives to get people to donate more
but that has declined in decline as I've
been you know uploading more and more so
I also recognize that it's like okay
that is not what I expected I did come
up with initial targets and projections
like this is what i'm expecting to
achieve that's what i'm hoping to
achieve and I've failed that so for me I
recognize that failure and I'm changing
the game accordingly so again being
honest myself that I would be on that I
think everyone wants themselves you know
in my case I was hoping to make four
hundred dollars a month out of patreon
and I'm making 200 so I'm going to
change much cooking you know and that's
always say being honest with yourself
and being on selves or how much time it
is and how much of a sacrifice it is
it's easy I mean what have you vetted
your videos aren't heavily edited the
amount of time you can spend editing if
you time that you may not realize that
was three hours editing you know what I
mean like it really adds up you may
think you're not spending much time
answering comments and emails from your
viewers put use a stopwatch and time it
that was two and a half hours or
whatever you know it can reorder in a
week it can really really really add up
so yeah I don't know if that's positive
advice or negative or both but you know
you got to make that decision my
hypothetical girlfriend she was saying
when she gets here she sent me an email
saying like oh like don't worry like
while I'm staying with you look I won't
interrupt you making youtube videos at
all I was like you think I want to spend
five minutes [ __ ] with YouTube like
God what do you think by far
current life like no no I can't die with
you youtubers to abort nope if it was a
hundred thousand dollars a year maybe
you're going to neglect your girlfriend
or neglect your boyfriend's it may be at
that point right both what is it is it
ten thousand it's like for it to be that
kind of priority in my life it would
have to be another another order of
magnitude oh yes well I gotta ask
because of who I am as a person with
hypothetical girlfriend like what is it
what is that